foreign
[Music]
welcome back it's it's nice to have you and I appreciate your audience I see
that there are a lot of comments tonight already and I'd like to get started I've
brought with me tonight Rob all the way from England yeah and he is here
um he is going to be the Master at Arms here and he will look through your
questions and anything that strikes him as particularly inspired because we are
looking for the best of the best um we he will I'll ask him and he will
throw to to the gallery and we'll see I need to have some interaction with you
tonight um in this process of initiation but before we begin I need to remind
everybody that this is a satanic initiation and that we do not accept any
sort of cash or reimbursement or any sort of gold or silver or whatever
currency or glitch of electric space you decide to invest in
um it's corrosive so uh that brings us to our topic our
opening topic for tonight before we get to the secret text we're
going back to Ritual right and I've got some some very good ritual for you tonight but we're going back to Ritual
and um uh before we get there I want to start with uh just I want to park our
space time ship in oh let's say
oh where should we go tonight yeah
I feel it can you feel it oh I feel it coming here it is
the Dark Harbor that's where the destination is tonight there's a place called The Dark Harbor
and here where you cannot serve God and Ammon um
we hold a Sacred Space and we do so through guarding these texts and that's
what I'm going to bring to you are some texts in
if you were there in the first century if you step out the door and get a whiff of the air it's the first century yeah
and the dudes it was you know we started to have our money all in common
yeah so we sold things off and we gave it to Peter and this one guy this one
guy and his wife they sold their stuff and they didn't give it all to Peter
and uh what happened Peter got really angry and
a couple of people got smitten yeah uh smiting throw smiting
um and dead and what is funny is most people know this episode you know this is ananias and Sapphira that I'm talking
about right from the book of Acts most people know that episode
um but John goldenmouth who is this wonderful oh he's a you know
he's a wonderful wonderful scholar and teacher and you know great
homily writer I'm uh yeah he's into the mystery he knows what the mystery is you know he's
living too close to it and uh yeah he says you know it was Peter right okay
the miracle that happened you know it was um maybe maybe not so much
fantasy because at the time that it happened people didn't mourn the death
of these two they didn't mourn them right they just they went in you gotta understand they went into Peter
in front of Peter close the doors open the doors to dead people
right um smitten smoted smut
and you don't realize that um uh uh what the effect of that was watch the effect
he's John goldenmass says it's not it it wasn't about
um whether or not there was mourning for the dead and how the reaction the crowd was it created an environment of Terror
of Terror and that kept the community operating
isn't that marvelous it's fantastic um well done
well done we're gonna look now we're gonna go to a text and we're going to
look at this in living I want to I Wanna I wanna step further in okay you know
the atmosphere you know how it is um those of you who are in The Cult you
get and I'm sorry but the warning is tonight um you're in a cult right you're looking at the cult from
the inside that's the perspective that I can give you is to be to be gazing I'm
offering you the templum right you think Tim from his building it's not
template minutes earliest form is a space it's a space where an Etruscan her
respects comes out quarters the universe yeah and creates a space in which can be
housed the image and that image reflected
into your reality um drives everything
it's the it's the quantum physics um by the way I've met a a very nice
just by way of break and we'll jump in the text I I want to let you know that I've been uh look trying to follow along
with you as well and we have a lot of very intelligent um people out there who are jumping in
and want to participate in this uh in this group in this group I'd like
to take us to that group where I can respond back and forth with you so Rob
keep an eye uh keep an eye Rob is there anything incredibly uh uh intelligent
that has been thrown out there or something that we must is there anything we have to grab onto before we continue
I don't want to um we've got discuss the paper rail we've
got to go into the people that's what we've got to get that's where that's the
first question of the night and should be answered really so well I'm I'm up for answering that and
but I don't want to um stop you waxing my recorder I don't want to
interrupt interrupt that but yeah we want a longer show nobody's nobody's got anywhere to go and
we've got they want to learn okay okay Ron I don't talk about the
vehicle at some point okay just jump in whenever it's it's uh
it it feels whatever you feel the spirit Rob whenever you moved
um I'll jump in okay I will I will okay fantastic so
um we started out we're uh tonight we're going to go to a very special place I want to start with our
um our dead physician our uh of Nero I want to go to his work and I just want
to look at a couple of words and then from there I'm going to take you I want to show you the Dark Harbor and what it
is and I got a warrior on tonight's Journey you may feel disoriented uh you
may feel things around you are changing don't let that um temporary side effect of a
multi-dimensional travel disturb you um just welcome welcome it's a it's a
pleasure okay hit it let's pull up uh
um andromicus give us and dramedicus please all right I want to go back to the first
lines and I'm going to read it to you in Greek
so you can hear it and we'll speed up our translation until we get to a point that you know we just Reach This rich
soil are you ready yeah here yeah yeah hear me right hear me
right learn learn the Incredible strength of the
mini throned antidote oh Caesar
it's The Giver of unassailable freedom
hear me Nero
they call upon her as hilarene
they call upon her as Galena they call up her upon her as El Dion
and who is the they these are the ehita that we're talking about what isn't a
kidnai an aqueous is a Viper
what is an Echidna an Echidna is one of the eoboloi
the throwers the Slingers literally the Slingers of poison
of EOS and that EOS is printed in this text Who
are the echidni right here we go we're in the right they call
her these three names right they invoke her right as
these three um and then we get a funny hey who are known
and that is most literally she who does not
have a mind for she who does not have a regard for that is she who is UN afraid of
of what the cyanic Harbor the Dark Harbor
that's who we're invoking yeah and you ask me what is the Dark
Harbor and I'm gonna take you to the Dark
Harbor um but before we do before we get there um the that's just the beginning he then
from there talks about the different venoms that Galena
is able to navigate okay all right good and he says even
the Palmer medes
the Palma nades the sacred communion or
the sacred drink yeah the sacred drink the sacred if you
want to translate potion you could translate it potion but the potion of
the the medes who follow the medwa the medwa
yeah isn't that nice that's uh that's nice um so where is this Harbor in order to
get you to the harbor I want to step toward it and the direction we're going
to do that is through because because we're necromancers right for those of you who who don't already know or you
missed a meeting were necromancers and we call up the ghost of the Dead
yes and we bring them we bring them I have a special project
for anyone who is interested I'll just throw in this announcement for
anyone who is interested in this necromantic tactic
practice if you would like to talk to a ghost I have one for you
and I have a and why would you do that why
would you call up a ghost right because only for one reason because we want to talk to the devil right we want to know
right we want to have that Oracle that's why we're necromancers
uh yeah it's a switch your polls for a minute north to south
right just turn them around um uh under these circumstances all of a
sudden we're we find ourselves as communicators right with spirits of the
Dead this is the necromantic ancient world and it has to do with a lot of
mathematics I met a physicist this week was finishing his uh PhD in
um a condensed matter physics
yeah and the changes from phase to phase and he's looking at mathematics
he's looking at mathematics this is very interesting he's looking at mathematics and he wants
to know how it is because he's an engineer as well and he wants to know
how it is the Greeks were able to engineer with Calculus when
calculus hadn't been written yet right um yeah so I went over to the shelf and
I got my Greek mathematics broken down and I opened it to a random page where
the Muse led me and it's the calculus
um through the language that they're able to convey they're able to express the calculus with their own
language their algebra and you say wait a minute Greece didn't have algebra yeah
yeah let me show you let me show you the Greek mathematical words okay let me
show you this is fantastic stuff dude um what was his name the the Archimedes
right and what he was able to do this stuff is oh you guys are you you guys
are gonna love it it's it's fantastic this is some of these types yeah go ahead anyway uh I spoke to Lord
Byron it's one of the comments from Duncan's you absolute brilliant
comments and he's quoting you he's quoting you so
are these physics working when you're talking to Lord Byron yeah okay good excellent Direction how
are these physics working right so um basically you have to
um draw the spirit you have to draw the spirit and then
um control or bind the Spirit uh in a in a binding that's
akin to um I think the physicists call it entanglement now yeah they call it entanglement so you
bind Byron and force Byron like young who I'm
very rude to um and for good reasons right and by the
way okay we should go to Young's red book because everybody knows that almond
is in it everybody knows that young is looking for the girl who is the half Viper
um half half girl girl Viper
and why is he coming up with that was it um was it something that he was
into what yeah do you see why we need this
cult why we need to go there yeah so okay um ask your question ask the question
again uh to me Rob please man we've got to go with the purple
we we want to know what this purple is you want to go to the purple okay it's
got to be a discussion okay upon the Chatters
nobody really knows what the purple is or understands the people and it should right it should
be cleared up people should know and that's why we need we need to go directly to the okay this is going to
require a bit of um harsh things are going to be get kind
of ugly from here on out um rob you know we're gonna we're gonna talk about the redhead
um so let's go to a passage let's open up to a passage of um this is guys
Valerius flacus and he had access to the sibling books
and I just want to put this quote up for you for you um it's an excerpt
let's see Faris promet medical Mina kistes implicat
yeah again guys Valerius flaccus and he's one of the people who has access to
the sibling books and he is writing a work a metrical work on
he's he's waxing lyric um he's writing a magical work on Medea
and so I just want to bring that back up again and I want to translate that for you
okay um it's talking about Medea and what is she doing she is bringing out medicines
from her uh kistes
you know that sacred basket you know the mean ads carry around right
um yeah she's she's going to it and she's taking out of it death bringing
text please death bringing
uh uh she's pulling out of the death bringing container
yeah container is the best way to express it the death the deathbringing container
she is bringing out these medicines yeah what is that container it's the
harbor we're looking for right we're looking for a harbor I thought you were okay well now we've got a container and
from that death containing thing she brings medicines quote please and
the rest of the quote is and now this is where we buckle your
seat belts okay yeah what is she doing implicat she implicats them to
implicitous to engage something in the activity for which it was made
yeah um um yeah to apply yeah
um she's she's working over something with these
she's applying them somehow um to what to two things that's what the
Quake way does in Latin it's beautiful that both this and that brings up again please
um we're getting aocinos right on the one hand it's her we're gonna have seen us that she's applying
it to and on the other hand it's hermoniele itself
so the question is what is she doing
the word guineaos is obviously
um from we're go and if I were to ask you now I'll just lay down the definition for we're good
now the definition for weirdo is a girl of marriageable age right this is not this is not um
virginity as you and I think of virginity right so
um yeah these this is an age of priestesses right those virgin
priestesses that's awesome all right we've built a giant building on the top of a hill and
we'll put one of these virgins in it this giant statue we'll give her a big
Spear and a helmet right and should carry the Aegis
the Aegis what's the Aegis oh it's got a head of a Medusa on it
yeah it turns you to Stone yeah yeah you can't the Virgin once you get in the virgin's way that's it bro
right if you're not clean you're you're dead right so
um what does she do she that's virgin long story short brings the quote that's a virgin I'm gonna try to make you taste
this text I want you to taste it right I want you to feel the authenticity her
virgin what she's applying these medicines to her virgin what her
virgin's seen us seen us so if you can bring up Cena's
here there we go and you'll notice you'll notice that it's essentially a curve
right and in a little Inlet of some sort you know a little a little place or a
fold and you'll notice a lot of comparisons to folds right we got togas and then we get lap or bosom
life or bosom right um this is the word compost go to Cole
post for me yes call plus here you've got it
fantastic you've got it um so uh notice what the first word is that we have it defined by is bosom
or lap well there's a lot of difference between bosom and lab right and I know bosoms but what is this
thing here well cut to the chase people anytime that you need to catch the chase go to Alice Alice in Wonderland she will
always show you look at that's my shout out to the oxfordians right do I hear a
hail Satan Rob oh yeah you gotta have a Satan yes Christian welcome
yeah yeah that's those oxfordians if we didn't have those guys if we didn't have those dragons we'd be nowhere but if you
go if you go if that page were back up here and it's okay it doesn't need to be but if you go to to number two you'll
see I DOI on it well what kind of idea on
this word is particularly this word is particularly the
um the female genitalia okay bring up the Original Latin text
please Yep this one oh beautiful excellent so thank you very much I
appreciate that Chewie um look at monile
yeah what is the monile and it's not just any Manila it's monile ipsum
her very what her own monile now if you look this up
which um we can we can go ahead we can show them the extended definition of monilay yeah look at this necklace or
collar right notice that it starts talking about jewels but something that
you might miss is that this is the Latin Gemma and I just want you to keep that in mind and look here we have the
relationship to um Greek mianos or mionus right and
those are from the word Miana to uh um and and our root for Mania right so to
be in a state of mania to um maniacos right they have anyway
um so what she's doing and that fits the text that this is from because Medea does this with her body she does this
and when she is when she is done it says she turns into a fury
and runs off she runs off and she's ready for for battle now but she's
putting this stuff on her it's it's okay this is that's okay it's on her virgin
on her virgin sinus a sinus is a sinus it's a an
opening right oh a pocket right a pocket that you could have Safe
Harbor in it's the very word for Harbor in Corpus Corpus means Harbor
right so we're halfway there all we need is the Dark Harbor where is the where is
the darkness yeah so and that's why we need the Echidna you got to have those Viper girls if you're gonna have yeah
go ahead can we go back and draw that Alish back up
horses
lower down so I mean no no not that one you know yeah
no there we go there we are yes then it's in per kilio suspending money
low Colo and a color worn by horses
yeah what is it yeah so what is um okay so here's here we need to take
the next step as philologists see where it tries to derive the word and it gives
you the Sanskrit that's that's related to um notice that for the Latin that says
we get Gemma right so so wait a minute where these things have to do with each
other bring up gamma there we go Gemma right and look at the top here from gimmo that there's where
your Greek is is at its essential a swelling
yeah it's a a swelling and what is a swelling in Antiquity a
precious stone or a bud
right um nice nice
yeah but if you if you read on the top um and you just go ahead and you click
on demo and you keep tracing you keep following the word back
um you get that swelling is ultimately a pregnancy
yeah so when you reach inside the dragon's head
you pull out that stone and this is for those of you with ears
to hear and I'm jumping ahead Rob we're getting to the we're getting to the red
head right we're getting to the red-headed boy okay so I guess there's a few comments on Reddit off from Duncan G
example what's that I'm loving the comments um
in the comments thank you what kind of
things are being discussed in the comments Rob oh it's it's kind of getting current with what you're saying so then comments
with the the redhead and the pale skin with a few a few comments back
but he's he's on the right he's getting the marketing with red ads hey your skin
and I'm thinking what's coming so jump ahead jump ahead carry on yeah jump
ahead so let's Jump Ahead let's let's jump back in the time ship I know I'm a
terrible I'm a terrible date but from here let's blow this joint for
now and let's go we're still we're still maintaining that we're finding that Dark Harbor right and let's Jump Ahead in
time to the 12th century when we and we've got this thing called the Codex
waluani yeah and the Codex wallawani is this terrible the Latin is awful it's it's a
murder I'd rather I'd rather go outside and fight with the coyotes and the dingoes I'm completely serious
um in our range War that's going on here I would much rather do that than work with this Latin it's awful it's no one
of the guys in the Renaissance turn around and they're like they were like you know this language thing is awful we
have to go back to what um Cicero was doing and you read guys like petrarch oh
you would love petrarch's secret oh and I almost forgot to tell you I was I
started to let me mention it now now that I remember for those of you who want the extra Challenge and you want to
get in you're interested in the necromancy side of this satanic
initiation um go talk to Lord Byron Lord Byron
follow the way of Cain the mystery the way of Cain Lord Byron
and when you get there you'll find the devil and the devil will speak to you directly
and you will speak back directly
um for those of you who have ears to hear you know and respect
this process so again it's necromancy but you're going to call up the dead to do that right go get Byron
the way of Cain and working Rob do you have anything to say about the way of Cain yeah I think
about the way it came we you've got to let him know how to get older the way it came it's a play it's a play by Lord
Byron
and as you read through it you'll understand what arm is on about
you'll understand you'll get the idea behind the way it came
it's a very good it's a very good leader I really enjoyed it myself because you enjoy your conversation with
Lucifer as much as I I did yeah yeah it's getting around about for that
reason the reason the reasoning behind it's starting to get into morals and
reasoning and how does the devil how does it how did the devil strike you
reasonable reasonable
that's the way it goes isn't it it's reasonable it's written by Lord
Byron who's clever guy yeah real clever go you know well educated individual
who's formulated this way of this narrative to
take you on a journey that initiates you because the initiation for me is the
change of perception a new part of knowledge coming into you that you can use yourself it uses you can use that
knowledge yourself then yeah if you're reading from these guys who
have tried they've laid things down for that purpose
I'd say that that's the magic for me that's the magic when you read it and it changes your perception and you think
I get where this guy is coming from it doesn't mean you have to buy it and become it what it means is
you acknowledges me I don't talk too much
you yeah no you uh uh so for those of you want to talk to Lucifer I encourage
you to and I I uh for the for the rest of you who just want to come along for
the ride who may be such a personal you know calling isn't isn't there or isn't
there yet um I recommend some more Medea let's um so let me just make sure I finish
covering this text before we get to the to the red-headed kid I know that's the fun part we're gonna look guys we're
gonna spit someone tonight this is great you're gonna love it but I want you to see I just want you to make sure that
you understand that text with Medea is talking about what she is doing is she is getting ready and she puts this on
her private parts she puts it on her private parts and not just on it but in
it and makes herself into this Fury if you you might you might could say uh
uh mean AD okay but um the text says Fury turns her into a
fury um this medicine that she's and later you remember that she is the black
vulture that's tortures Prometheus everybody loves Prometheus right
everybody whoops let me turn that everybody loves Prometheus um she is the one get this she takes a
drug from blood that comes from his liver
all right so now you're gonna want again you're gonna be disorder you're gonna say am I in fairy tale world what no no
let's stick with reality okay if we go to the kotec Codex walawani from 12th
century right and we read the Latin it's a just a base descriptions of
Medea's fire or Greek fire and it has a nice a nice uh group of
ingredients for the um incendiary beautiful and then but within this incendiary formula is
sandwiched um these instructions and I thought I would just bring those to you and let
you digest them the first the first thing that we do is we need a red
teenage boy with lots of pimples
lots of pimples the more pimples the better right that's not that's my that's my addition it's the more the better the
text just says with the pimples so um a youth with pimples has to be the
red hair you take this guy that says you lure him into a banquet you lure him to
a banquet and you give him drinks that will put him into the bacchic state
yeah that'll put him into that influence in in influence state
possessed into that possessed State and for 30 days you keep him in a banquet
that is designed to fatten and heat him
now you don't let him get near the dancing group don't do it
it's always they have to stay at a distance he has to be able to see them and they're there but he's not allowed
to satisfy himself okay so this is again this is from the Codex waluani
okay and it's I think it's a Welshman um I read that this a guy did a
dissertation on it and um it's a real it's a crazy text but
um his Latin is awful it's absolutely awful I mean it's just painful but
here's what um here's what you do with the boy now is everybody with me so you've got him and you get keeping this
way for 30 days it says now during this 30-day period for those of you in
satanic initiation who are interested in the Alchemy side and then the um psychedelic Renaissance this is
probably the part that you would enjoy okay so you take a copper pod and it
describes a covering that's made for it that has what's obviously some kind of pressure release
right and you put this thing it's a cauldron you put it on a over fire and it's for heating well anyway you take
this thing this cauldron and you put toads into it
toads and you feed those toads a regimented diet for 30 days
and it includes the milk it includes milk you're actually attaching them and
forcing them to take nourishment it's not it's obviously not meant for
you know what I mean it's not meant for uh toad consumption right it's not a bug
um but you take them for 30 days and after I think it's like 15. I don't remember how many days it is but then
you add this sea snake or sea crate it's some kind of it's a sea snake and
um you have to have fed it though you have to have fed it just hang in there with me human flesh first
human phosphorus I don't know why it makes a difference I'm just interested in the pharmacology right and uh anyway
so um you keep this thing going for 30 days and there's other things that you pile
into it and you make this kind of lit half living half dead
concoction um that you're gonna now boil and what
looks like maybe distillation or attempts to um you know good out good alchemy
you know it's uh good stuff anyway um so your redhead boy after 30 days what do
you do you're stuck with him right well you haven't even got that's not even why you brought him right
you haven't even achieved the effect that you're looking for you take that redhead teenager now who's under the
influence of tremendous amounts of drugs and you take this guy out and you lay a bed of coals down
and you put a spit over it and you tie into the spit now wait a minute that
why do you do that because you have to keep him a certain temperature right you
have to raise his temperature okay so um and then you cut his wrists and you
bleed him you bleed him right now it says you're supposed to
bring him just to the point of death just to the point of death you put him
in that inner that intermediate space right and then unfortunately the text
doesn't say you bring him back but um
I think we would be um I think we would be remiss as
Scholars if we didn't notice a ritual here of burning off what they call burning off mortality
so the redhead is actually he's one of these scythians you know and he's doing
his thing he's going through his initiation and um yeah and um does he come out of it I
hope so I hope so I hear two out of three babies don't even yeah hey man we got we've got to
come after Mario hi Ariel David
I am not sure I can't come back with that aerial
please because that's interesting real interesting yeah I find that very interesting
was David initiated yeah David is that an initiation
some connection there you you don't know what happens to that
redhead um but the you're not done with the formula yet
right because you're taking his blood and you can't let it coagulate they say if it coagulates it's no good
it's no good yeah so you have to keep it you have to keep it um from coagulating and then
they take um that with the blood of the Dragon and what you take from his head when you
cut it off and these dragons are the guys like the Wolves who are living out in the caves
yeah it's pretty cool and they um um you contract them with the right
drugs offer them the right drugs right and they will
um be subdued uh they are I don't
they say a dragon is um
scary feared by all it's neither a god nor a
mortal neither a god nor a mortal and the one
that guarded Medea's fleece feared only Medea
was considered a god killer and if you'll notice that she put she
put that Dragon into the death state in order to claim the fleece
right and she was very upset about it she was very upset about it because you
know Prometheus is a man yeah and
yeah beautiful stuff the dragon comes back anyway um when she burns up this Palace and
kills everybody you know I'm sorry it's not like that's funny but her yeah it's
a long story it's a long story probably not worth it oh by the way for those of you who know that Medea or say Medea
killed her children right um the Corinthians made that up there
was an oracle that went out right after uh the kids of Medea were were killed
her sons were killed um and she was able to Escape From the City uh they got sick with a plague and
the Oracle said it's because you killed media's kids and claimed that she did right it's terrible terrible those
Corinthians should be you know good good plague on the Corinthians hail Satan
plague on the Corinthians right sir plague in those people yeah anyway let's
go let's keep going through the text um uh we have to we can't leave off the you
take the dragon's blood and a stone that you take out of the middle of his brain
yeah okay and you take all of these ingredients and um then you're you're set to be able to
make that sabot there's a place okay think of it as a dimensional place that you can
project yourself this is how they talk about it right this is that this is
their world you project yourself this is fairy queen stuff right and that's why that's why Rob is
chasing the fairy queen he's chasing mab he's chasing the medwa
right because she's there too in his in his past as well this is Lady Babylon it's she who Bridges all of the
languages yeah isn't that nice Jason
this chat at the moment okay people yeah yeah
so I'll get I'll get with you I'll get to you okay just buzz in buzz in Rob and
just say hey I want to read a comment when you'd like to read a comment that's that's fair
I will okay fantastic good uh and if if anybody has any grip you know great
questions they're welcome we're gonna we're about uh we're getting into it a little bit of length here so I will I'll
make an ending in just a minute I'll wrap up and and then when we're uh then
we'll I'll give you a chance to ask some questions uh so we're with we're with
the redheaded boy and we took his blood and we mixed it with the blood of the dragon and with the gym it comes from
his head um and now we're we have the ingredients
from The Cauldron um and these we can transfuse to burn
off the mortality remember in the initiation of Lucius
remember Demeter is working the boy dimathon
yeah and her mother walks in and she's like oh my God what are you doing
and the the text says that she was putting him into the fire right and she says she says look you
ungrateful jerk right I was gonna burn off his mortality
well now you know forget about it let him die right Isn't that cool
um and so yeah yeah he uh is he your is he your redhead he's in the position of
your Reddit you know Rob mentioned today and I want to talk about a question about
um pedophilia pedophilia I want to open it up to the most uncomfortable academic discussion
possible because um we have a uh we have the freedom if
we are respectful and clinical to be able to ask some questions and from
Antiquity you know they've got a word right pederasty right it's a it's a big
thing if look guys if we want to find that kid that was with Jesus in the garden right right then we have to know
we have to know what is the pederasty anyway we'll talk about that I'm wrapping up and uh um
we're back at the at the Dark Harbor and with the potion of the medes and we're
trying to figure out what Nero is Conjuring through this great Arc you
know this Arch physician and what they're trying to do and
it is consistently described as the same process
so it's the um it's the what do you mean we're wrapping up what
do you mean yeah well I mean you know what with the with the text yeah with the
text right we can't let anybody go without getting this way of cane people need to figure out how to access it and
get to it because I got it I got to it through you you sent it and now it's
changed and I'm not the best researcher and certainly wasn't at the time what Jane
put it but I found it difficult I found it difficult I needed a title I needed something to go with so I'll try
and sort that out and put it in the chat in the comments on the video and I'll
try again a link or if anybody can help and get a link I'd appreciate it yeah if you um
and we need to get more
we get taken off into different areas so we've got to come back to it and try and
stick on point where the purple what the purple white there why would I wait
everywhere when you look around weights it's the paper reel and we've got to discuss the
paper here because it's yeah it's a it's a very interesting subject that makes this
we haven't we haven't covered it yet we need to
you perhaps need to do an episode entirely on them you know
it's not too much up well just to give questions people will have lots of questions just to give the people a taste just to
give the people a taste remember this is something I said all the time I don't say all the time I say it to my students
and um who are learning quick um
you have to realize those you know this the the purple trade and Antiquity was
huge right the name of the Phoenicians comes from it so and it's a extremely uh extremely
valuable commodity um I've looked at the drug trades and Antiquity
um and it's on a on par you know with the drug trade so uh yeah if um the
plants that you can get and where you can get them from you know um yeah the mirax can you get the mirror
right it's expensive it's more expensive you know um what Rob you reminded me
today marks uh more costly than gold baby yeah yeah
we've got a question are you taking questions that's
yeah let's take some let's take some questions let's go ahead and take some questions I'm trying to look out for
them yeah it go ahead keep them coming get the questions and
if I've missed any if I've missed anybody I I apologize and I'm a novice and I'm trying my best
that's all I can say Harbor
let's finish though with the dark with the Dark Harbor or the cyanic
harbor I hate to I hate to but we need to make sure and get this image so this
Harbor is the culpos right the vagina as you saw and so you you have a person who
is producing a communion substance that Gemma that gimma that was with the the
Virgin sinuses of Medea that gimma that Jewel is also called the cop
so when lady Babylon presents her cup of cornea to us it doesn't surprise any of
us at all it didn't surprise the nicolations right that Gemma that Jewel that is
there and she ejaculates right she has to enter that and they picture Medea harvesting Prometheus and
when she harvests him when she harvests him he enters a state
of relaxation from intense um uh rage
yeah chained to his Rock in the Caucasus
yeah gorgeous stuff that you can smell the scythian and Amazonian influences in in
the ancient ritual especially if you see the drugs and that's always just always
follow the drugs because it can't it doesn't lead us astray right um there's substances you use and they
do certain things so yeah any good questions yeah amen
Cranium Cranium maximum is asking are we finished with the original text let's
see if Irish promise promise not to come between it I'm gonna snow yeah yeah so
Medea comes out just to finish that off to make sure that we've got the picture she is inserting that oil right that
that drug um within her vagina and on her gym that
is the source of the communion yeah and then she runs off crazily
right to to battle essentially um so uh that
now you know why they call them the sorceresses they call them the drug
wielders right this is it's a huge deal and the uh ability to create these
formulas I mean imagine just for a minute step back for a minute say um okay these priestesses who were involved
in all of this worship of this midwife and this poison shedder Artemis the
poison shutter it um uh who are in these women's a realm of magic and creation and
destruction these now you know what the Sorceress is that's what lady Babylon is she just
does it in every language right she's able to bridge that Gap in
every language um so yeah gorgeousness and uh uh
gorgiosity all wrapped up another good question is Dark Harbor is Madea's body
yeah is this the terrier yeah
is this the Beast I hear it I hear it do you hear them Rob is this the Beast
right yes this is the theriac yes right it's it's
dead right we have to find that we have to find that Dark Harbor right in
um we don't have the sotera we don't have the savior until we have that so
um yeah imagine it's a think of the proposition of bathing your fetus
bathing your fetus in venom yeah in order to bring
um in order to bring somebody that could use a little bit more of their brain
or an interesting question do you get killed if you refuse to cook
um you're not that you're there voluntarily right um you've come to be initiated
you know and it's not like uh um I haven't read a text I'm not going
to make anything up because there's no reason to I'm not getting paid for this right um there's no I've never read an account
of an initiate who wigged out got got CR
you know I was like wait a minute it's too much no I haven't and that's probably because
they're always drugging them yeah you always yeah you you put in the place
um
together yeah
that's what I was yeah that's what I was discussing that's what I remember Rob that's what the physicist was so
interested in love it love it now what does that mean okay having said that Rob what is it what does it mean to you what
does that tell you within that purple guy of the uh of the mollusk
it's the bottom brackets trip to main precursors that's what we were discussing today I'm learning here with
this because I've got to grow me but I haven't got past burning and I'm
learning this today at real time tryptamine pre-cases is what you've what we've discussed earlier and um
gotta go and get that through in the end yet there's a the purple is going to be a
[__] big discussion there isn't anybody discussing it I hope that it's only
going to be yourself no this is the Renaissance Robin you
gotta remember baby this is the Renaissance you know we're we're here at the Psychedelic Renaissance it hit the
medicine we're gonna be there you know figuring these things out there there are doctors and therapists right now
trying to do that so yeah um why do you think Rob that they're
looking for the for the mystery of the purple
I think I think the following the text I think the following the textbook
Century after Century this is getting passed through I think it's I think they're seeking the
people in this game on this personally and I think yeah it's going
on for a very long time definitely yeah yeah could be wrong and I'm more than willing
to investigate and find out pretty long budget there's no
there's no huge hubris here where I think I'm correct you know you can
research you find stuff out
I'm willing to bet it makes it was explained a lot when it comes to the Templars and that whole allegation of
licking the anus or the penis for the purple yeah I'm I'm willing to bet it
had you know it um it's it surfaces right it surfaces the use of it does
um I'm watching the Queen's funeral
Crown is sitting on a cherry and purple pillow it's National monitorium purple pillow
the funeral casket is covered with a Tyrion purple it a huge cloth confidence and then it's
got the the Royal Standard I'm not sure how to pronounce that
correctly but right on the corner you've got the Irish side of it and you've got the
heart with what onion soups is a civil with a brush toe to write on the corner
and the Queens passed away but I'm also
looking at that image and thinking wow purple everywhere
you've got a shovel on the corner what it's all there in the symbols isn't it
it makes you think like I say I don't know if I'm pregnant
can you lick that because you run up to that casket lick the purple and get high or no
foreign
because default they pulled out to they pulled out to jump it from a cave what had been there
how many years I don't know how many years it had been there but as soon as you hit the sunlight the color
was radiant that the guy and vegetarian purple darling only gets better it
doesn't degrade in time until he gets better apparently
extract
being difficult to extract so when you when you have it when you
have it why do you why do you need the why do you need the blood of the of the
redhead or the dragon why do you need these put it can't I think it can only
be because you're potentiating right so you've you've got your what DMT like
effects and are you somehow modifying through the system through filtering it
through the person and they have to be of a certain Aryan makeup right and when
I say that everybody goes wait what did he just say right right I'm talking about the Aryans the the real ones not
the Mythic ones right um but the Aryans who were coming up with these with all
this pharmacology these antidotes um and I think yeah I think um
uh there there's a reason they took the name Medea yeah and because they're
calling themselves medes um so there's a certain power we can't forget
there's a certain power behind uh uh this whole process we're in the
Renaissance we're gonna discover this right we're gonna find that this cup
and then we're going to want to use it we're going to want to bring her back and the evangelicals know this right
they know it's a it's a part of the plan and that's why we are who we are hail
Satan
sorry I'm sorry I'm trying to I'm trying to catch up with the chats I'm trying to
get get through the chat I'm trying to listen but you know I'm gonna listen back I'm gonna have to listen back to this yeah but know what's been said
because I've been
if somebody asked me somebody asked me about the painting in the background somebody asked me about
that I'll I'll answer that one um that painting was done at the St
Mary's University while I was contracted to um bring the historical reality to the
cynican version of Medea I was the translator and the advisor for the
University production and one of the participants
whom I was able to guide through this process
um that we're doing now with initiation um they uh uh
um they very successfully were able to
well shoot the Earth was hit by a by a by a blacked out Sun
um for uh for a period of time yeah right from the Dark Star the Dark Star was
hitting the Earth you know they had those detectors anyway where's the painting from
um one of these students had a class in art while we had a discussion
about ancient magic and while she was across the campus I gave a talk
on um the image that you see painted in the painting which happened at her
it was a free painting day and she said she just felt like this image was coming
to her and so um you know it's part of the it's part of
the magic it's who who is the image she's bleeding right she's bleeding and
she's standing in a pool of blood yeah and it almost looks like she's in
the water and you are upside down who's this woman
if he was John and you were you know
um you knew that you could get bitten by an asp or by a Viper and it wouldn't it wouldn't hurt you right and you knew how
the Water Works you know why Lady Babylon sits on the waters
right everybody knows that right um it's part of the physics that are
involved in the magic yeah it's uh yeah so necromancy and and
Alchemy uh these are all um coming back there's a Renaissance as
my my new student um uh
uh physicist will be able to tell you um look people we're in an area where
this thing is this thing is uh is a mystery right and it's it's gorgeous
there's something in the cup that that's provided and that's what
we're almost there to to find out is what's in that cup
um yeah who and what is Satan
yeah I wouldn't know yeah who and what is Satan and who asked that Joe Jones
Joe Jones here's what I'm going to do James I I must remember him Charlie
who and what is Satan yeah um here's what
here's what I'd like you to do I'd like you to take that question to Byron okay when you it's a necromancy lesson
when you engage in necromancy you are involving
a process that you can inhibit yourself and the way to uninhibit it
is to randomize it um and so when you come to Byron you ask
him a question and through the Muse he can answer you back so here's what I
want you to do go to Lord Byron this is right if if you wanted a necromancy
assignment here it is go to Lord Byron Joe Jones
and ask the Devil Himself ask the Devil Himself
and if you do that I want you to come back next Sabah and I
want you to tell us what the devil said to you Joe Jones that is your that is
your mission should you choose to accept it um you're satanic engagement
yes hail Satan right fantastic we have a yellow shark how does that have to do
with Bible good question because also the other side
can we get a link can I get a link to your Discord I actually I tried
searching for it I failed useless fail so I'd appreciate a link
um we have been through why it has anything to do with Byron well I'm going to try
and get a link up I'm going to try to get a link and put it in the comments for
when this this is over because I'm gonna have to go and find the link and put each other I haven't got it and I
haven't got it I wish I've got I've got the documents and I've read it myself
but I'm gonna have to
so you can get the link for it we need titles to search for links so what I'll
do is get titles up because I've got them apologies yeah and we appreciate the art we appreciate
the art you'll notice these reels from agent Ferrari and they're fantastic uh
love them that's agent Ferrari's work good you know shout out shout out to him and shout out to Chewie for keeping us
flying I I uh I appreciate that I really do um that's my daughter by the way
um it was an apple Scout but once you get up you have to search
for it I'll come back to yeah um yeah yeah good fantastic Discord you
should create this now what is that yeah and what does that have to do with Byron yeah no I'm giving you instructions go
right go um you know Rob told me this week he said he shaved his head right and
because anybody that appears um has to appear in mourning right
because we recognize the death of Jehovah okay and if you you cannot be born again
without that state you must be in the state of recognizing the death and
mourning actively mourning the death of Jehovah so um he shaved his head and he
and he went um that's scary he shaved his head Rob
shaved his head and he told people around why he was because he was entering satanic initiation
so um that courage that courage we should take we should take note of that
those of us on this side of the pawn should take note and honor and
honor that and Rob don't you just want to say I simply don't care to be honest question that's my hair my hair I'll do
what I want for this I'm uncomfortable freedom that's what that represents for me yeah
I'll do what I want yeah that's satanic I'm sorry
yeah yeah amen amen right I am thee amen
um for those of you who are interested on the necromantic side as well it was a specialty of mine the necromancy thing
really turns me on so for those of you who are interested there is a seal
there is a seal on Young's um Lieber Novus right and what what I mean there's
a seal I mean young said there's a seal on it right on the work it was split up
into three notebooks at a time they combined it into one right but he says there's a seal on the work
um and if you can break that seal um you uh um you can talk directly to Amon
so if you want if if Byron is not your thing go to the red book with young and dig
around sniff around for the magician and once you find that then and I can hear
him as I'm standing here talking to you I can hear you complaining right he's ball gag so he can't he can't do much
you can only Mumble but um I've got his black
um Rod um the serpent Rod I've got it for you and I want to give it to you I want to
make it um common I want to profane it so that you can use it as a key so if you're
interested in necromancy side Young uh the section on the magician
yeah the section on the magician and look for almond look for almond and when you find Ammon
then present your question right what is Historia Historia is originally a
question it means inquiry right in Greek but it's a question originally it's a
question that you propose to an oracle
and the oracle is able to unite herself
with the divinity right who is then able to work through
you and tell you because it's past present and future and tell you how
um it's going to work yeah it's it's gorgeous stuff you don't pay her
right and people say oh they got treasuries and they got this and they got that and they also know that there's
a lethality involved that there's a lethality involved
um and we know that the price of taking cash in the saturnian
religion if you want to call it that in the saturnian practice the price of taking any sort of
compensation is immediate ejection yeah so you can't worship
God and almond right um [Music]
I am the great amen you thought it was Hebrew didn't you
it's not um
look at the look at the uh look at the go ahead and put up harmonia this is
what we're trying to achieve right this is harmonia
and harmonia was transformed
into a snake yeah and why was she that way because a
snake was her mate yeah Cadmus the one who preserved the
burning purple and restored the lightning
so you're like what Ryan um dark dark Harbor right we're talking
I'm teaching you as we're working together I'm teaching you the orphic Vox I taught you the harbor and somebody
asked well are we done um is the is the is it the vagina it yes
it is but it's more than just a vagina it's the cyanic harbor
where if you have ears to hear you'll know what is there
um Rob's people are doing this they're entering that Island right they're entering that island where
that Haze is lifted up right which is funny because the Greeks
talk about the passages the same way there's a haze a fog
yeah it's just uh it's coming out of look here's where it's coming from put
that show us Georgia go through some pictures of Georgia here I just want people to see yeah this is
the beauty this is where this this um this great Garden this great Paradise is
achieved this Adam it's worse
wasn't Alexander the Great's mom olympius known for sleeping with snakes
um specifically she was known for sleeping with Armon I'll have you know
sleeping with Armon in the form of a serpent
yeah and how how do we do this it was a you know it you know back to the Egyptians right this was an Egyptian
thing because he had learned he was a pharaoh he didn't get to be Pharaoh
without without having some knowledge some Priestly knowledge and so anyway
it's he's uh casting it's a mogas
um uh which our text right now are POI are are beasts that we're working on our
theriac that we're working on um it's in there yeah and
um yeah how do you how do you present how do you
present the cup that's uh I think that's yeah okay does anybody want to come
trying to go back I don't want to um Masonic traveling question
Carl Jung what is Magic speaks of how magic requires sacrifice I don't see it
as necromancy yeah so we were we want to discuss the
necromancy yeah yeah research actually that's research where
I I bring up that person the problem is
I'll I'll answer that directly the problem is that Carl Jung in his in his
red book so-called um is using necromantic terminology
right he is using a scheme a schema he's
using it um of the outline of the universe that was pioneered by necromancers I'll have
you know I'll have you know we're in a Trulia and we're dealing with an art
that Jung is able to chart out beautifully beautifully so as young a
necromancer why don't you ask his patient what's your name she went off to that Russian school that
they shut down because of the pedophilia isn't that it was Russian aristocrats
this week in Bible study we talked about and we talked about the aristocrats that
they taught using the purple and and somebody asked about Mary and yeah
there's a Coptic section I don't do Coptic I have a lot of respect for those those of you who do and I leave you to
the science but there's a text that in Translation says that um her Midwife
Mary's Midwife probed her she palpated her you know insertion of two fingers
and and I had to put her hand out because it was felt like it was on fire
right it's the they call it the burning purple for a reason what's she doing she
was connected with a temple yeah she was connected with a temple and
what do you think they're doing it's exactly what we found in Bible study oh Jerusalem right that's not that's Temple
but um oh Jerusalem Samaria look what you're doing so
um this is a real world I want yeah I want I want people to see the real if you can start to taste it real that's
that's what's important we've got high pressure as well there's Rook thinks the red book came out of the
drug experience by Young so youngers
Dublin with the dark arts and drugs according to milk
say this uh I know he's followed this line and that
that's much opinion yeah that group came out of so I could and it
says it took a few years off and went kind of reclusive for the period of time
during that time he was a big thinking there's no evidence for it as he's dabbling and look at that
it's not Light reading right it's not it's not Light reading and but I do I do
appreciate if you if you um if you can appreciate the power of
images which Jung obviously does and um like they did in Antiquity because
remember the idolatry is just the the power of those images you know even one
that even even one that doesn't here
I'm gonna I just want to show you one and give give you the appreciation
um yeah here oh look at what what on Earth
is going on in this wow viewers do you see that do you see
that now I know now I know how those unions they were the first they were the original miners you know of the minds
they're the ones who creeped in crept in there and got done what they needed to get done
um ask his patient ask his patient he'll know what it he'll know what a dragon is don't worry
um patchmark people if you're more interested necromantically um if you're more necromantically
inclined uh go to petrarch he wrote a work called the secretum I'm giving it
all out tonight he speaks about the code that he uses in it okay you'll notice I think it's section
three five through five no or is it 350. uh I can't
remember um anyway it's Patrick and it's called The Secret and in the preface of that you will see
the physics laid out of how this necromancy works test work uses necromancy with Augustine
and in order to get there he goes through the muse
whom he calls yeah who does he call you read this
didn't you did didn't you rob initiate you read this didn't you
yeah oh okay it wasn't fine find out yeah
where he toss right she's the true she is that truth right
she is Sophia for those of you who don't realize it we're trying to find Sophia and people were asking well what about
it's almost like he's teasing us with both genders yeah I am because you get
down there you get down there and you find that aphrodite has a penis
yeah I'm I'm I'm I'm not kidding you if we have to go back to the earliest
sculptures we'll find that she's got that penis and she she uses it and why
how is that part of um I wrote I wrote a book called hermaphrodites gyne Morrison Jesus
right so um yeah this is good stuff you people don't
buy it pirated because you know fire pirate it no nobody gets it but it
doesn't pirate it um yeah good stuff good stuff
there was a question and
my father the apologies yeah Patrick's the secret Patrick's the
secret um Byron um if you want to speak to Satan directly and I know Joe will right
report back to us and let us know as Satan told him what is the answer to his question and petrarch is working with is
is working with Veritas he's working with the truth right but not just the truth on paper
he's working with her so this is a sacred feminine power we
need to um the last thing we do before we take the red-headed boy's blood that we've
been putting over the spit and bleeding the the last thing we do is that we gather the wolf's testicles right so the
dragons and the Wolves we have Greek text that tells us these are positions
of temples right um positions at temples these are Guardians they're Guardians so you can
take one of these wolves and if you get his testicles and why would a wolf be giving you his testicles
because of what makes Rob so uncomfortable and that is the pederasty
right it comes back to the pederasty Kim biochemically it comes back to the
pederasty um and hence um if we're gonna ever elucidate why
that kid was with Jesus in a public park at 4am and he was naked
you know and it's got what can be used in Antiquity as a medicated rap
you know um what what are they doing so we have to dig into that pederasty when they
told me you couldn't you couldn't say the Romans used drugs I was like okay it's my mission in life to find the to
find the the deepest darkest corners of antiquity and to dredge it up and I
didn't have to go far I just had to go to the Garden of Gethsemane yeah I love it
what what's what's with the red head what's with the red head what's with the redhead Rob Rob's got a
theory about what the what the head thing are what the head thing Rob where did these red-headed Scots come from
oh you you would change Andrew St Andrew brought it over this there's a there's a
legend there's a legend to that to not degree that
back wedding as the Scottish I've got scythian Heritage within them
bought back by Saint Andrew who's the painting Saints and as a genetic quality that runs
through so that's slightly yesterday because I said to you yeah
that's Canada stereotypical Scottish guy who you're talking about with the red eye pale skin
and the pimples and I'm like saying yeah is he a Scottish guy and that stereotyping which is something I
shouldn't do but it is stereotype
it makes you wonder is there some genetic is there some genetic
um thing going on is there something involved here uh that we have to have
that Aryan um that Black Sea
um late Bronze Age uh Gene in in order I
mean in the in the Crimea right um where all the where all the
interest is now they're performing they still have women who are performing death rites
right they're performing sacrifices and um using doubts and antidotes poisons to
do it and uh yeah what's what uh is that the
source is that the origin people are um no souls that changes have songs of
course that gingers have shelves they say changes have no souls I said Yellow Shark is asking me who brought
them over and it's it was Saint Andrew that's that that's the legend it's Saint
Andrew so it's something about their genetics right it's some way that they process on
the chemical it's obviously they're taking it look they're taking a kid they're saying you can't sexually
satisfy him he has to remain in this agitated State before while you're collecting his blood and so you take a
kid obviously going through puberty with his pimples and by the way they're uh
you know there are female performers right in sheer outfits right oiling
themselves and dancing so um is this doing something
um um for the redhead you know is it somehow when you put him into that death State and then presumably bring him back
because you're performing these uh death and Resurrection rights
um is there something about his state of mind um they're A peculiar combination this
is what brings us the orge right A peculiar combination of fear or panic
and sexual intensity um puts you into a place where you can
chemically produce a substance that can that was
used um in this initiation I mean it's great and what do you have to do with the wolf
you have to get his testicles you get his testicles straight up and and so somebody can figure out put all this
biochemistry together and uh figure out what's going on but
genetically um there's a link there we can't we can't escape that that history you need
that you need the sons of God yeah to produce that substance
um they say that they say that Ambrosia flows in the veins of the Gods
you know rob you were talking about Horsemen you were talking about Mongolian Horsemen drinking their own
horse's blood in a kind of a vampiric way to stay alive to stay alive the
symbiasis yeah we've got yellow shark can we talk about the astrological aspects of Lady
Babylon it's the water's bit elliptical plane is the best
yeah it's a question but yeah the astrological aspects of Lady
Babylon sure I'll just mention a few things let's throw a few things out right she's that she's that queen with
the Stars and she's presented uh on the Greek side as having a black cloak
um a black pep loss it's actually a pep loss um covered with stars cover with stars
and um so right away you know exactly you know exactly what religious
neighborhoods you're in and people say what are they doing with the story it's the religion of the Sun the moon and the
stars right the saturnian Golden Age you know we worship we worship the Sun the
moon and the stars and what do we do with those we draw down the stars
right that's that's that's what our action is so
um when you go see Satan find out who those stars are right and how they can be drawn
um there is a universe out there there's a universe where you can be struck by
that lightning right and you can exist within that
lightning um yeah uh do you
do you want it do you have ears to hear um do you want this
who wants the manual man I'll give you the manual the PGM and you can you can
experiment all you want you can find you can open portals and get yourself into big trouble right and push toward the
mystery but what amazes me is that all this mystery is about it is about one
Oracle it's about one Queen yeah there's no boy
in the garden it's all about her and somehow it get
gets yanked historically it gets yanked into this masculine form
where we are using the Herculean boy as a source of organic
yeah and so you know we have some explaining to do if we can see this
history for what it is right at least we'll know that um you know I thought a week ago when it
says in the Bible that Jesus was touching kids I and the people were complaining and they're like tell them
to stop touching the kids and he's like his Apostles come to his disciples come
and they say he says oh what are you doing he's trying to scandalize me right trying to get me in trouble
um that word for touch has been translated to you as touch
for a reason it is also the Greek verb for to molest
yeah was Jesus a child molester yes he
was and his religion was satanic
just like the religion of the Jews yeah satanic yes beautiful oh my it's it's
gorgeous uh uh Bronze Age people back to the Bronze Age gotta go back to that
Queen gotta go back to that one Queen yeah I see a note here that somebody's
Rob say say something
um I I am a sadist and my wife is a Christian
do you have any advice to help remove the scales from her eyes so to speak uh
this is Daniel yeah um Daniel uh the best tool the best tool to remove
the scales is the reality take her to the Garden take her on a date to the
garden right be there with her and show her the boy show her the the
three men who are standing at a distance keeping watch keeping guard
in a in a public park at 4am um show her the authorities that show up
right for the raid and capture Jesus show the the fighting and somebody
getting an ear chomped off show the boy running away right take her to ananias
and Sapphira and say the Lord struck them down right show her these things right uh
Jehovah Jehovah's
um weakness is the reality right because because what we have
created from it doesn't match it it's just a reflection of the reality right and it it's important uh if you're going
to um work with somebody who is within a cult
right Christianity is a cult it always has been a cult it always will be a cult
it operates on the terms that every cult operates under and it's salvation
that is offered its ionic life it's not eternal life it's ionic life that's
offered is why you can make mountains move
right there they are very much dialed in to the magic already without
them even even knowing it right they're very doubt they're Christians know they
know it's the apocalypse right and despite the fact that they worship a
liar right and place them on the throne of tyranny despite that
despite that um uh uh reason
we'll get to them um let me just repeat something that was
told to me by a union a union told me practicing Union told me and recognized
for his talent um told me there's something about some um the treatment of Nazis and presenting
the maternal figure to them right you present the great mother
find the great mother that is rejected by Jehovah and you've got your crack
right um uh that power that feminine power
that mother who is the virgin mother right that imagine you know in every
temple in every Temple you bring three forces together okay I'm just telling
the old old Roman magic in any Temple you bring three forces together
right and so if you bring the virgin the queen
and the lover if you bring Aphrodite and you
bring Hera era and you bring Athena then that combined
power is able to um disrupt the masculine the feminine
the secret is the feminine magic power is superior to the masculine
that's why Zeus is always looking over the Greeks recognizes Zeus is always looking over his shoulder
because the Civil has said he's going to be overthrown right Jehovah will die right that's all
there is to it um and uh it's the feminine that brings
him down right why do you think they're so afraid when a man is transformed into
a woman using chemicals or surgery why do you think it's so disrupts the
Christian and the Orthodox communities whether they be Jewish or
Christian Orthodox right why do you think it disrupts them so much because
it's a manifestation of the power that they know can kill their God we we are the generation of Orion we are
the god Killers how do we get them okay come interrupt sorry
Masonic traveling once more Greek he wants initiating he wants to read he wants to see the Greek the senior
Gnostic conformance and he wants the Greek Administration through the Greek yeah
he's asking who is the boy also and also there's more Snappy at 3 38 a.m which
good question I'd like if you can get that up for me can we talk about Saturn
Alias since it's almost the time of the festival what was happening with binding
and unbinding of the idol and the inversion of social hierarchies it's a good question and and I did I can't let
it go because my bar doesn't work then I'm catching up I'm afraid
yeah Lord Lord's happy came last time and uh it's good to see
you again um yeah it's the saturnalia is that golden age it's the it's the freeing
it's the unconquerable or The Fearless freedom
The Fearless Freedom you you reach that it's an age it's described as an age
right but we're talking outside of time um we're not talking about temporal ages
right it's a power think of it as a power the imposition of another dimension and what it what does that
Dimension represent it represents freedom so that slaves
become Masters right become the the I shouldn't say
um the inversion is to allow them to
partake of uh the opposite pole so they don't do it just with slaves and Masters
they do it with parents and children as well right so the children for saturnalia I
let my kids call the shots right um and and it's their choice and uh we
follow their will and they guide they take over and and they guide
um so uh we masters of students the students take over
right and when those students take over when that younger generation takes over
with its freedom you're um you're in a saturnian place
or a satanic place that Row in that road disappears into the new I'm telling you
it's a Mycenaean thing okay so Satan is not who you think his name is not even who you thought it was
right it is Saturn so um and hey if there's if there's only
one way to follow that we can do it through the drugs yeah so good Saturday fantastic uh uh there's a ton microbius
whoever asked that question go resurrect macrobius
and and ask him ask him specifically invoke The Muse and
ask him to show you do it respectfully you can't come in without an
unshaven right if you want to follow you have to sell everything you have give it
to the poor and you have to commit right um because that's the way the mystery
works yeah um Lord Snappy yeah good fantastic I think I don't want to
drag people we got way too long and people are here let me just wrap up by saying I appreciate everybody's um in
input and involvement and I'll try to smooth this out a little better to where
you know that you're gonna get I'll hit you with the Reel or something um agent Ferrari I need a reel that I
can play that switches us over from the um Consulting of the texts to a time
when I can engage when we can engage and Rob can do his job that he's not paid
for and what she does so well um and let's do that I'd just like
saying thank you thank you to everybody coming to them brilliant
it's kept me really amused some of the comments because I I don't know
sensing in and similar comments have been fantastic yeah
but thank you I I'm I'm I'm privileged I'm privileged I I look at every once in
a while I think oh my goodness what how nice it is to have such great comments
so you know people think
yeah yeah you know the stuff you know the stuff but they won't roll
just like myself I want more and that's what that what drives that's what drives
me every day yeah so just want more I want to know more about this and it just keeps getting deeper and deeper and
wider yeah and I you can't sell this stuff rob it doesn't work if you try to sell it
you can't there's a there's a pollution that's involved in that process you can't sell I agree
when you go to eluses right you when you
become a bakunt you can't sell that that's that's you cannot put a price on
freedom you cannot do that no no uh oh
did you feel that I felt a little burp of Thomas Jefferson suddenly that was that was pleasant hey a little bonus and
then we're done and the end reel you will notice there is a name and I keep
telling you about orphic this name is the name of the dragon and it is written
in orphic and I'd love for you to Feast your eyes on the language of the mystery
it means dragon and the only reason we know that is because the magical Papyrus
told us it means Dragon um have a good week uh uh we'll see you
Wednesday for those of you who want to come to the 30-minute Bible study and uh
otherwise um hail Satan and for those of you who take your assignment seriously and talk
to Lucifer I need to know I need to know we need to collect that knowledge and I
appreciate that so uh uh have a rest of it's about and um we'll see you next
time [Music]
foreign
[Music]